Make dependency of apply_prep before apply clear (#1728)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/applying_manifest_blocks.md

Similar to the `puppet apply` command, which applies a standalone Puppet manifest to a local system, the Bolt `apply` command uses manifest blocks to pass code to remote targets from the command line. You can create manifest blocks that use existing content from the Forge, or mix declarative resource configuration via manifest blocks with procedural orchestration and action in a plan. Most features of the Puppet language are available in a manifest block: classes, custom resource types, and functions. For information about what language features aren't supported, see [Manifest block limitations](applying_manifest_blocks.md#).

> Manifest blocks require facts to compile. If your plan includes a manifest block, use the `apply_prep` function in your plan before your manifest block. The `apply_prep` function installs the packages necessary to run the Bolt `apply` command and gathers facts by running [facter](https://puppet.com/docs/facter/latest/), making the facts available to the manifest block. The `apply_prep` function also identifies the targets that do not have Puppet agents and runs the `puppet_agent::install` task (from the [puppet_agent module](https://forge.puppet.com/puppetlabs/puppet_agent)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important:** Manifest blocks require facts to compile. If your plan includes a manifest block, use the `apply_prep` function in your plan before your manifest block. The `apply_prep` function installs the packages necessary to run the Bolt `apply` command and gathers facts by running [facter](https://puppet.com/docs/facter/latest/), making the facts available to the manifest block. The `apply_prep` function also identifies the targets that do not have Puppet agents and runs the `puppet_agent::install` task (from the [puppet_agent module](https://forge.puppet.com/puppetlabs/puppet_agent)).
```

## How manifest blocks are applied

> When you run a plan that contains a manifest block, 99% of the time you want to include the `apply_prep` function in your plan before your manifest block.  `apply_prep` installs the packages necessary to run the Bolt `apply` command and gathers facts by running `facter` making the facts available to manifest blocks.  Without any facts manifest blocks won't compile.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you run a plan that contains a manifest block, 99% of the time you want to include the `apply_prep` function in your plan before your manifest block. `apply_prep` ensures the necessary packages to run the Bolt `apply` are installed and gathers facts by running `facter` making the facts available to manifest blocks.  Without common facts most manifest blocks won't compile.  
```

Reviewer 2: I don't like 99% but I'm not sure whats better.

Author: The alternate wording could be more around what the mechanism is.  "when you run a plan that contains a manifest block, the targets the manifest block is running against need to have facts set on them.  The easiest way to ensure facts are set is to run `apply_prep` on those targets before the manifest block.  ....

Reviewer: I'm going to push up a change to this quick.

Reviewer: I'm going to push up a change to this
